Ah
Today is the defeat of the god series moon
Large popular lg g number in the world at that
Domestic 1 finally got
The highest mountain is Sukia
Because it is a ditch I think that I will actually do a review
Well, it is good to introduce everybody to you today
This is l ge 2
It is here lg g 2 by saying first in Hakone
I already like this point I want to see side by side with globals almost docomo etc.
but
I think that very Likes
It is good to try to You're So actually opened the place say Do not have become cool box
The body actually comes out like this
It looks like this
Because it is the main body of Eda if it is small bird
It may be frankly Honda but it is the body of such feeling though
At first we will introduce the specifications in this one of your movement fit
Ease of use
Wearing Ho You pro c One Seg + Osaifu-Keitai + NFC
cp qualcomm snap dragon 800 msm 8974 kw and mouth
The 2.3 ghz battery capacity is 2009
100 ma screen size is emperor 22
Dumb right is rom 30 brother or in 2.4 million pixels out camera 13.2 million moon out
As it is said that it is actually this
Maa's
I will try to see the start speed ne dora is fashionable or small
I told you that it was early for me at the storefront
Let's know how much it actually is
Yes Where did you come out with a hard time
Put lg once
It's pretty fast, but it's pretty good, in l ge's old terminals, it's pretty fast.
That's where you say
I will first look at the different parts of this model
It is full screen here is here on the screen
It is a receiver to this in-camera
To
Above only by you has become a display on the screen such as the menu machines everywhere is written with difficulty
You are
Above you yeah yes this is the microphone and the center microphone is here and this is this
Is stable
The antenna is very strong so I heard this from lg
But
g
Around a ain't right here, but already this g pro
g pro is such a feeling, but g 2 antenna is
It seems that things like this have changed quite well
Oh, right, the side is nothing
Ura is it back is the most important here is the camera out
This has iso is a new a camera in this volume and the volume this key
Gold So
It's a scene and this is the power button. The power button on the back.
And here
Well eh that can be attached even Maa was saying in the feeling
After that I think that's the main attraction was said that it is here the camera
I'm a little spoken film of behind cat I've been Yes Well briefly introduce
so
When I made what I thought Hey accessories'm in
And micro sd does not enter in the smart phone of the cat
Micro sd is you do not enter Node
It Is lg 3 that there are You know perfectly well such a consideration
We think that we actually look at accessories This is maintenance
Answer is the Ministry of Security and Quick Start Guide
This is do not become wreck to micro usb
This little I'd guy I this is it was a large say I micro sd large ter
Quite small
This is actually Well, I think the Is know I moment I saw so already it another such small you later
I think that I will actually use it. There is already some sort of cat game.
It is written but
These negotiating pins also size
It is comfortable splash this I'd uim opener Ntte guy you go
Enter the lg fan of staff Mr. Well Well prima facie over-the-counter for those who have lost
Was said that to
Even if you were to contact Mi village I think it safe to use
It this really interesting I kinda it of this model now issued in the thing is the end Dora field
I will recommend some
Hey that castle
I Yappa
It's good, what's good about the back kids
Why don't you usually have a back key smartphone
I'm standing and doing this until now I'm going to turn on the power like this
Is not it always with a first power supply
But this time I 'm doing this
I'm get another like this by pressing in the form
Already
Hey to make you or spring convenient This sounds order flights
It is not sold so much with the app , but I use this book g pro
Maybe it's an app
It takes a little time because I have to do it right now, but I'll put that side too
Let's leave it
It is Well What 's just that I've been saying this but my sister on this
It is black here, there is one infrared ray in this cold infrared ray, and that
This time in 2 Nseki is the g pro without corresponding to the sex r usually infrared and Sei體beauty
This time Kedomo it corresponds to the infrared
It does not correspond to infrared rays, but TV
Really it is rm somehow
I remember in the middle, but there is a growth code in the seat because it corresponds to it
That's right, is n't it all right ?
It's right here that it is true
I'll use it hard
I will introduce a protective film for a while because I use it for hard
me